The island-state of Malta is located in the Mediterranean Sea, South of Sicily (Italy). It consists of three islands: Malta, Gozo, and Comino, of which Malta is the largest island.
We have a population of about 514,564 (2019 estimate). 
The Maltese archipelago consists of three islands, Malta, Gozo, and Comino, with Malta being the largest and home to the majority of the population.
Valletta. 
Whilst there’s never a bad time to visit Malta, April, May and June offer warm weather without it being too hot. Visitors in early Spring can also enjoy the glorious wildflower season, and the lush verdure of the countryside, still green from the Winter’s rain. Whilst delightfully sunny in the height of Summer too, daytime temperatures rarely dip below thirty degrees, ideal for beach lovers. Temperatures start to cool slightly in September, making for pleasantly warm, but not oppressive temperatures during the months of October to January. January and February are the coldest months. Nevertheless, Maltese Winters are still delightfully mild, with bright blue skies on most days, and temperatures rarely dipping below 12 degrees. This makes the Maltese Islands a perfect year-round destination.
The average yearly temperature is around 23 °C (73 °F) during the day and 16 °C (61 °F) at night (one of the warmest temperature averages in Europe). In the coldest month – January – the typical maximum temperature ranges from 12 to 20 °C (54 to 68 °F) during the day and the minimum from 6 to 12 °C (43 to 54 °F) at night. In the warmest month – August – the typical maximum temperature ranges from 28 to 34 °C (82 to 93 °F) during the day and the minimum from 20 to 24 °C (68 to 75 °F) at night.
Malta has two official languages, Maltese and English, with English being understood wherever you go. Maltese, a beautiful Semitic language with a Latin script, is not an easy language to learn, but beautiful to listen to anyhow. With a natural flair for languages, many Maltese speak Italian, among other languages, remarkably well too.
The legal drinking age in Malta is 17, and it’s wise to carry around an ID card or a passport if you're visiting bars and nightclubs as proof of age may be requested.
Driving in Malta is on the left side of the road with a general speed limit of 50 Km/h in built up areas and 80 Km/h on open roads. Local speed restrictions may apply and will be clearly signposted.
112.
+356
Electricity in Malta runs on an a230 volts/50-hertz system, with a three-pin rectangular G plug system. Visitors are encouraged to travel with an adaptor, however, these are easily found locally and some establishments also provide them at check-in.
Euro. 
Tipping is the norm in restaurants in Malta, with a gratuity of 5-10% if you’re happy with the service you’ve received. However, it’s not necessary if a service charge has already been included in the bill.
Smoking is not allowed indoors in public places, including bars and pubs, cafés and restaurants, public transport, cinemas, theatres, hospitals, and schools, except in designated smoking rooms. However, many establishments offer an outside seating option for smokers, with some of these being equipped with heaters during the cooler months. Smoking is also prohibited in the common areas in hotels. Some hotels may have a smokers' lounge but this is not obligatory and is at the discretion of the hotel's management. Although it is not illegal to smoke in a hotel bedroom, a hotel may have its own policies in this regard and may designate certain rooms specifically for smokers or assign rooms with balconies where one could smoke. It is advisable to check with your hotel about its smoking policy before you book.
If you require information about Visa applications, visit the Identity Malta website or send your queries to enquiries@identitymalta.com.
Shops are normally open mornings (09.00hrs -13.00hrs) and evenings (16.00hrs -19.00hrs), Monday to Saturday. However, in tourist areas, many shops remain open throughout the day from 09.00hrs to 19.00hrs, or even later. Many supermarkets are also open all day, even Sundays.
It is recommended that you drink bottled water, filtered water, and reverse osmosis water.
The opening hours of bars and pubs vary, but most bars are open from 12.00hrs until around midnight. Nightclubs are usually open between 21.00hrs and 04.00hrs, though hours may vary from place to place.
You can obtain this information from the Veterinary Regulation Directorate.